# Notes: The hyphen sign - is used in place of space characters and is indexed at 26 (the 27th character). When the 27th character is surpassed, it returns to 0 and vice-versa. All characters are automatically uppercased when inputted.

# Simple Ceasar Encoder: When a message is inputted, the message is separated into individual characters which are then put into a list. Using a dictionary that assigns numeric values to each character, each individual character in the list is converted to its numeric value. An offset value is then inputted into the terminal, which is added onto each value in the list. The list with the added values is then converted back into characters which are joined together to form an encoded message.
# null --> [13, 20, 11, 11] | offset = 5 | null + offset = [18, 25, 16, 16] --> SZQQ
# Simple Ceasar Decoder: When a message is inputted, the message is separated into individual characters which are then put into a list. Using a dictionary that assigns numeric values to each character, each individual character in the list is converted to its numeric value. An offset value is then inputted into the terminal, which is subtracted from each value in the list. The list with the subtracted values is then converted back into characters which are joined together to form a decoded message.
# SZQQ --> [18, 25, 16, 16] | offset = 5 | null - offset = [13, 20, 11, 11] --> NULL

# Seeded Ceasar Encoder: When a message is inputted, the message is separated into individual characters which are then put into a list. Using a dictionary that assigns numeric values to each character, each individual character in the list is converted to its numeric value. For each value within the list, a random number between 1 and 100 is generated then added. The list with the added values is then converted back into characters which are joined together to form an encoded message.
# null --> [13, 20, 11, 11] | seed = 28-91-98-64 | null + seed = [14, 3, 1, 21] --> ODBV
# Seeded Ceasar Decoder: When a message is inputted, the message is separated into individual characters which are then put into a list. Using a dictionary that assigns numeric values to each character, each individual character in the list is converted to its numeric value. A seed is inputted into the terminal with hyphens separating each value (ex. 63-12-87). Each value within the seed is put into a list then subtracted from the list of values of the inputted message. The list with the subtracted values is then converted back into characters which are joined together to form an decoded message.
# ODBV --> [14, 3, 1, 21] | seed = 28-91-98-64 | null + seed = [13, 20, 11, 11] --> NULL

# Modified Vignere Encoder: When a message is inputted, the message is separated into individual characters which are then put into a list. Using a dictionary that assigns numeric values to each character, each individual character in the list is converted to its numeric value. A key message is then inputted into the terminal which is the converted into a list of separate characters. The key message wraps around the inputted message to either remain the same, cut off, or repeat characters in a loop to become the length of the message. The key message list is then converted to its corresponding dictionary values, which are added onto the list of values of the inputted message. The resulting list of values is converted back to characters which are then joined together to form an encoded message.
# test-one --> [19, 4, 18, 19, 26, 14, 13, 4] | key = null --> NULLNULL --> [13, 20, 11, 11, 13, 20, 11, 11] | test-one + key = [5, 24, 2, 3, 12, 7, 24, 15] --> FYCDMHYP
# Modified Vignere Decoder: When a message is inputted, the message is separated into individual characters which are then put into a list. Using a dictionary that assigns numeric values to each character, each individual character in the list is converted to its numeric value. A key message is then inputted into the terminal which is the converted into a list of separate characters. The key message wraps around the inputted message to either remain the same, cut off, or repeat characters in a loop to become the length of the message. The key message list is then converted to its corresponding dictionary values, which are subtracted from the list of values of the inputted message. The resulting list of values is converted back to characters which are then joined together to form an decoded message.
# FYCDMHYP --> [5, 24, 2, 3, 12, 7, 24, 15] | key = null --> NULLNULL --> [13, 20, 11, 11, 13, 20, 11, 11] | test-one + key = [19, 4, 18, 19, 26, 14, 13, 4] --> TEST-ONE
